Update Exceptions reference page with more information (#1597)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: pages/docs/reference/exceptions.md

* [Java's checked exceptions were a mistake](http://radio-weblogs.com/0122027/stories/2003/04/01/JavasCheckedExceptionsWereAMistake.html) (Rod Waldhoff)
* [The Trouble with Checked Exceptions](http://www.artima.com/intv/handcuffs.html) (Anders Hejlsberg)

> If your Kotlin code is being called from Java, you can always use the [`@Throws`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.jvm/-throws/) annotation in order to alert callers of possible exceptions.

Reviewer: Thank you for your helpful suggestion. Could you add 2 links? The `@Throws` annotation can be used for Swift and Objective-C as well. The link you suggested is also available in the linked section. 
```suggestion
If you want to alert callers of possible exceptions when calling Kotlin code from Java, Swift, or Objective-C, you can use the `@Throws` annotation. Read more about using this annotation [for Java](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/java-to-kotlin-interop.html#checked-exceptions) as well as [for Swift and Objective-C](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/native/objc_interop.html#errors-and-exceptions).
```
